`Taxis example, update docs and deps (#6)
online-ml/beaver: examples/taxis/README.md

Simulating real traffic using the [*New York City Taxi Trip Duration* dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/c/nyc-taxi-trip-duration).

## General idea

> This proccedure helps understand how beaver can be used to predict trip durations of taxis using an event dataset consisting of pickup date-times, pickup coordinates, arrival coordinates, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure helps understand how Beaver can be used to predict taxi trip durations using an event dataset. Each event contains a pickup timestamp, pickup coordinates, arrival coordinates, etc.
```

> * The procedure here is to create an empty model using the river library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The procedure here is to create an empty model using River.
```

* Serialize the model using dill

> * Upload the model using the beaver http client --> you could also do this using the HTTP API directly (see localhost:3000/docs for more details)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upload the model using Beaver's HTTP client -- you could also do this using the HTTP API directly (see `localhost:3000/docs` for more details)
```

* Then start receiving trip data in a simulation and make predictions for trip duration

> During simulation you should see the error decreasing with time, which can be visualized in the output messages as in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the simulation you should see the error decreasing with time, which can be visualized in the output messages, as so:
```

```
... a taxi starts a trip with id 000014
#0000014 departs at 2016-01-01 00:04:57
... times goes by
... eventually the trip ends
#0000014 arrives at 2016-01-01 00:08:37, took 0:03:40, predicted 0:08:41
```

> so for the trip 000014 we can see an error of more then 200% in this case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this trip number 000014, we can see an error of over 200%.
```

## Setup

First of all you need a running instance of Beaver. For instance, you can to the root of this repo and start an instance in the background:

```sh

> (cd ... && docker-compose up -d && docker exec -it app /bin/bash)

Reviewer: Actually the idea is to run the simulation from the host, not from the instance where Beaver is located.

Author: i see, but i find it nicer not to have to install anything on my dev machine. If you like it that way i could setup an extra sidecar container to be the client of the beaver server, but i dont like when mixed docker/local environment are to be setup for testing.

Reviewer: I get what you mean. How about using a virtual environment? A dedicated Docker instance could work too I guess. You decide! But in any case I would rather separate the server from the client.

Author: alright, i will work that out in a future update, yesterday i just wanted to make a "checkpoint" having understood the basic principles of how Beaver is intended to work :D 

did i get the principle behind the "train.py" right? i mean is that an optional script to run? and would its execution be idempotent?

Reviewer: Sorry forgot to answer about that. Actually the train.py script was meant to be used when the only way to update a model was manually. Now there's an option to update it every time a label arrives. You can delete it :)

Author: but again, just to undestand, will it be idempotent right? i mean in supervised learning the labels and features would be the same if train.py is executed twice. 
i guess that would not hold true for unsupervised learning (anomalies detection). but this is just a supposition here

Reviewer: Not it won't be. But you can re-run `upload_models.py` to reset the model
